<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [HeapSort][1]
    *   [Parameters][2]
*   [Nqueens][3]
    *   [Parameters][4]
*   [BinarySearch][5]
    *   [Parameters][6]
*   [FisherYates][7]
    *   [Parameters][8]
*   [RabinKarp][9]
    *   [Parameters][10]
*   [LevenshteinDistance][11]
    *   [Parameters][12]

## HeapSort

This function sorts an array using heap sort.

### Parameters

*   `array` **[Array][13]\<any>** The array of elements to sort
*   `min` **[boolean][14]** True if min heap sort, false by default (optional, default `false`)

Returns **[Array][13]\<any>** The sorted array.

## Nqueens

This function solves the N Queens problem.

### Parameters

*   `n` **[number][15]** The number of queens

Returns **[Array][13]<[number][15]>** A nXn matrix containing the solution.

## BinarySearch

This function finds the index of the key in the array using binary search.

### Parameters

*   `arr` **[Array][13]\<any>** The array of elements to search from
*   `l` **[number][15]** The start of the array (0)
*   `r` **[number][15]** The length of the array (array length)
*   `key` **any** The element to look for in the array

Returns **[number][15]** The index at which the element was found in the array, -1 if not found.

## FisherYates

This function randomly shuffles an array using the Fisher-Yates algorithm.

### Parameters

*   `array`  
*   `arr` **[Array][13]\<any>** The array of elements to shuffle

Returns **[Array][13]\<any>** The shuffled array.

## RabinKarp

This function finds all occurrences of a pattern in a text.

### Parameters

*   `pattern` **[string][16]** The pattern to search for
*   `text` **[string][16]** The string to search for in the pattern in
*   `prime` **[number][15]** A prime number to use for hashing
*   `num_chars` **[number][15]** The number of possible characters used

Returns **[Array][13]<[number][15]>** A list of all indices where the pattern occurs.

## LevenshteinDistance

This function finds the Levenshtein distance between two strings.

### Parameters

*   `a` **[string][16]** any string
*   `b` **[string][16]** any string

Returns **[number][15]** the minimum edit distance between the two strings.

[1]: #heapsort

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #nqueens

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #binarysearch

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #fisheryates

[8]: #parameters-3

[9]: #rabinkarp

[10]: #parameters-4

[11]: #levenshteindistance

[12]: #parameters-5

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[15]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[16]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
